Racing galaxy not for I see you know and
if she's the books of the poems we can
check that out of the box now we open
the books here is the phone with no go
under product and then from the local on
the glass awesome and let's see please
the appearance of the phone you can see
a little different from the note Street
but this not for don't have our s-pen
here so not exactly famous or
regionalizing
and here is the USB port this repro in
zero now we check the orchestra's on
this the men your English language in
menu in the battery here is the top of
it in there with logo on the metric that
European charger and there's rape from
there cavers in the on the cables also a
local and one headset that's our sincere
of the phone now we open the bone checks
on 2008
no the machine
don't have enough battery of a spoon no
check what else on me
first we can see the camera I think that
very important holidays could many
people want to take Morel picture you
can see this this camera is very clear
and yeah we consider nature's on even on
the charger very clear under some mother
and to the benchmark testing this is the
scope of it ended a process of this one
is mtk6592 this we have tested called
disco and more details of this is RAM
and here show mm around actually owning
one gigabit of lives in the realm of
these phonies it pick a pig and the we
only open the phone we can see very
clear to scream it very clear and I
think about the game of blissful hear it
again
I'm not going to take very long -
beautiful
and what about the other punching your
video window also my personal watch
video and sign up and same time we can
customize our apparel for somebody
and there's a mother used for
applications and I can install as
Helsing and their Google Play this
Google search or something
Kaneda in the browser and some other
applications you can ask her spraying
stuff for you or you can store from
Google Play that's there is simply a
Brickman or relief phone you can tip
about it and if you want to know more
about this you can contact us directly
we will show you more about these in
there the information of this film also
ok at all